1. Q: Which scientist is credited with coining the term 'cell'?
   A. Robert Hooke
   B. Anton van Leeuwenhoek
   C. Rudolf Virchow
   D. Theodor Schwann
   Correct Answer: Robert Hooke

2. Q: Which of the following is NOT part of the classical Cell Theory?
   A. All living things are made of cells
   B. Cells arise from pre-existing cells
   C. All cells contain a nucleus
   D. The cell is the basic unit of life
   Correct Answer: All cells contain a nucleus

3. Q: Which scientist stated that all animals are made of cells?
   A. Matthias Schleiden
   B. Theodor Schwann
   C. Robert Hooke
   D. Louis Pasteur
   Correct Answer: Theodor Schwann

4. Q: Which scientist concluded that all plants are composed of cells?
   A. Rudolf Virchow
   B. Anton van Leeuwenhoek
   C. Robert Brown
   D. Matthias Schleiden
   Correct Answer: Matthias Schleiden

5. Q: Rudolf Virchow contributed to Cell Theory by stating:
   A. Cells can form spontaneously
   B. Cells are produced only from other cells
   C. Cells contain chloroplasts
   D. Cells develop from DNA only
   Correct Answer: Cells are produced only from other cells

6. Q: What does Cell Theory suggest about the function of cells?
   A. Cells do not function independently
   B. Cells are only used for reproduction
   C. Cells carry out all vital life processes
   D. Cells only exist in animals and plants
   Correct Answer: Cells carry out all vital life processes

7. Q: Which technology greatly contributed to the development of Cell Theory?
   A. Spectroscopy
   B. Microscopy
   C. PCR
   D. X-ray imaging
   Correct Answer: Microscopy

8. Q: Which of the following is consistent with Cell Theory?
   A. Viruses are living cells
   B. All organisms begin as a single cell
   C. Only animals have cells
   D. Cells can survive without energy
   Correct Answer: All organisms begin as a single cell

9. Q: Cell Theory applies to which of the following organisms?
   A. Animals
   B. Plants
   C. Fungi
   D. All of the above
   Correct Answer: All of the above

10. Q: How did Anton van Leeuwenhoek contribute to cell studies?
   A. He developed the Cell Theory
   B. He first observed live cells under a microscope
   C. He discovered DNA
   D. He proposed spontaneous generation
   Correct Answer: He first observed live cells under a microscope

